# CS-465

Making this application was a fun adventure. Using express HTML to take a static page and begin making it into an easier to update site. By using JavaScript and single-page application I was able to create logic to handle the add and edit for better maintenance in the future. By using JSON we were able to add a trip and store it in the database so that it could be accessed by the front end customer website. By keeping one format of storage, we could call the data that was needed for wherever we needed it. When first changing the website from the static page we were given, adding in the handlebar calls so that the JSON data was iterated over was a great experience. I could see that by adding these calls to the pages that once data was edited in the database it would be displayed the same way every time. I could see how this would make for a very powerful tool for someone that doesn’t understand how to code or read it and make their life easier to keep their website updated with the latest data. 
When it came to testing this became interesting. In the beginning when we were using hardcoded json data to make sure the pages were rendering correctly, there would be issues with HTML tags needing to be in the right places and sometimes stored in the json data itself so that it would render correctly. Once we got the admin site created and secured it became more difficult to test. You would have to submit the changes then check your backend, frontend, and browser development tools to catch any errors that were occurring. By using everything together we were able to debug and figure out where needed fixed.
This course was a bring it all together moment for me. I could see how things I learned had come together to work as one. It showed me that I still have a lot to learn that will come with experience. This has made me a more marketable candidate because I have been exposed to this type of development. It shows that I can bring elements together that have been learned along the way to see how they will all work together. It also shows that with time I can learn new skills. Understanding that there will always be something new to learn or a better way to do something is great mindset. 
